[Identity] Decoupling CredentialUnavailableError from AuthenticationRequiredError (#14775)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/identity/identity/CHANGELOG.md

## 2.0.0-beta.3 (Unreleased)

- `AuthenticationRequiredError` (introduced in 2.0.0-beta.1) now doesn't extend `CredentialUnavailableError`.
  - `AuthenticationRequiredError`, besides being useful to express when a manual authentication with `authenticate()` is required, it also shares a similarity with `CredentialUnavailableError` in which both were designed to tell `ChainedTokenCredential` to move ahead and try another credential.
  - Because of how prone to errors is `instanceof`, we intentionally want to focus on asserting errors through the `error.name` property of each error.

>   - Since each error writes its own name, the proper way to check for both errors is to check for both error names, thus making inheritance unnecessary for that use case.

Reviewer: This level of details is great for a PR description, but not necessary for the changelog.
The part that is useful to the user or that matters to them is knowing about how AuthenticationRequiredError affects the ChainedTokenCredential behavior. That should be enough

Author: ok ok, I'll remove these sub-items

Author: I only removed `Since each error writes its own name, the proper way to check for both errors is to check for both error names, thus making inheritance unnecessary for that use case.` since the `instanceof` line seems useful as a statement for our users.

## 2.0.0-beta.3 (Unreleased)

> - `AuthenticationRequiredError` (introduced in 2.0.0-beta.1) now doesn't extend `CredentialUnavailableError`.
>   - `AuthenticationRequiredError`, besides being useful to express when a manual authentication with `authenticate()` is required, it also shares a similarity with `CredentialUnavailableError` in which both were designed to tell `ChainedTokenCredential` to move ahead and try another credential.
>   - Because of how prone to errors is `instanceof`, we intentionally want to focus on asserting errors through the `error.name` property of each error.

Reviewer: The extending or not extending from CredentialUnavailableError has no net effect on the user. So, we can skip that. Replacing instanceof checks with error name checks is internal detail. What matters is how this affects the user which is your statement on ChainedTokenCredential

```suggestion
- `AuthenticationRequiredError` (introduced in 2.0.0-beta.1) now has the same impact on `ChainedTokenCredential` as the `CredentialUnavailableError` which is to allow the next credential in the chain to be tried.
```
